Delete insecure external link. (#19567)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources.md

`kube-reserved` is meant to capture resource reservation for kubernetes system
daemons like the `kubelet`, `container runtime`, `node problem detector`, etc.
It is not meant to reserve resources for system daemons that are run as pods.
`kube-reserved` is typically a function of `pod density` on the nodes. [This blog

> post](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2016/11/visualize-kubelet-performance-with-node-dashboard)

Reviewer: I'd include the article title:
```suggestion
`kube-reserved` is typically a function of `pod density` on the nodes.
[Visualize Kubelet Performance with Node Dashboard](/blog/2016/11/visualize-kubelet-performance-with-node-dashboard)
```

@francobeb how does that look?
